---
layout: post
title: My year in gaming
author: Chris Scheidies
categories: [blog, examples]
tags: [jekyll, theme, 8bit]
---

## My favorite games of the year so far.

This year was an exciting one for gaming. I spent more time playing on handheld consoles, like the Analog Pocket. I’ve been playing “Zelda: A Link to the Past” on it a lot. I also bought a Steam Deck, which I’m a huge fan of. I spent most of my gaming time on the Deck. Some of my favorite games that I had an absolute blast playing this year include “Crossing Souls,” a game highly recommended by John, our head developer. However, the first game I played on my Steam Deck was actually the “Spider-Man” remastered game. Of course. I couldn’t resist replaying “Bioshock Infinite,” one of my all-time favorite games as soon as I got the Deck. “Crossing Souls” impressed me with its innovative and unique gameplay. It was truly inspiring, especially considering the kind of game we’re working on. 

I also played through “Control,” another one of my favorite game’s. Currently, I’m playing “Beyond Galaxy Land.” I came across an ad for it in Retro Gamer Magazine, and it caught my eye. It’s a fun 2.5D pixel game. I’m a big fan of team-based shooters, starting with “Battlefield 1943” on Xbox 360 and then moving on to “Team Fortress 2” and “Overwatch.” Naturally, I had to play “Marvel Rivals,” which I also enjoy on the Steam Deck. I wish Overwatch would work natively on the device. They should put some of their games on Steam more directly and skip the Blizzard launcher. I also discovered that Team Fortress 2 runs great on the Steam Deck, so I’ve been playing it quite a bit. I occasionally return to “Destiny 2” on Xbox because it’s one of my favorite games, but I lack the patience to invest in the 20-hour raids required for it. However, some iPad games surprised me. As a huge Apple fan, I’ve played “Stardew Valley” extensively on my iPad and became completely hooked. I even developed an unusual obsession with a team-based shooter on Apple Arcade called “BEAST.” It runs exceptionally well on an iPad with a touch interface. While it’s a simple shooter, it’s a fantastic choice for a quick team shooter on the go. Overall, it’s been n really unique year for games, offering a wide variety of platforms for on-the-go gamers like me.


